So we've currently got a little bit of undesired behavior.
We have put some functionality in place that limits the path length for and navigation.
So if I am clicking or trying to click on a very distant place I can't do it and the cursor is giving
me the correct a fortnight that I can't do it because it's too far away.
However I can hover over an enemy that is very far away and I can click on him and there is the cursor
performance for that.
And basically that results in a moving action that we didn't want.
So how can we go about fixing this bug.
First of all let's see why the bug is happening at all.
So if we hop over to the code and have a look at our player controller which is responsible for showing
those curses then we have look from the top down as revise what's going on here we've got an update
we are doing a cascade of interacting with different things.
So first we check with the interact with the UI.
Then we check whether the player is dead.
Then we can interact with that particular component and then we can interact with movement.
So what's happening for that cursor to not be interacting with movement must be going on in the interact
with movement.
And down here we are doing a recast to the NAF mesh.
And if you go into the recast nav mesh you can see we're doing all sorts of checks in here.
So the first one is that we are trying to sample a nearby position actually on the nav mesh.
So if there is no nav mesh here we can't move to it.
That sort of makes sense.
And then also we have got this nav mesh path length and we're calculating whether the path path length
is longer than the max nav path length.
This is basically what we would like to be doing when we are calculating whether to interact with the
fighter.
So the fighter obviously goes via the interact with component systems so go interact with components
then it's going to look for all the eye Ray caster balls.
Now you may recall that one of the irate caster balls was the combats target script and the way this
handles recasting is to call can attack on the fighter.
So what ideally we'd like is for can attack to return False if the enemy is too far away.
So if we go over to the can attack method we want to have a very similar check to the one that we have
in the player controller where we are checking for the path length down here in the recast nav mesh.
Now it doesn't make sense to go and copy all of this code.
Both of these components are relying on the mover to actually do the movement.
So what I would like to do is remove this code and take it over to that and move components.
So that's what I'm going to attempt to do by going over to the movies yes and exposing something new
and public just above our move to which is going to be a public bool can move to and that's going to
take in a vector three destination that we want to move to in order to check whether it is possible
to move to that location given our restrictions then it should be possible to use this function once
we have actually filled it out by going over to our player controller.
And you could put it here but I think that's not the most appropriate place.
I think the most appropriate place would be in interact with movements after we have got a recast hit.
We just want to put a check in here that says if the let's see get component mover so get component
move.
DOT can move too and then we're wanting to move to the target.
Well then we want to basically negate this statement so if we cannot move to the target then we want
to return false out of interactive movement saying that if we can't move to this target we cannot interact
with movement.
So that sort of makes sense.
And that's a similar thing that we want to do in fighter as well where we have can attack.
We've got the combat target is no then we return false.
We can't attack.
Similarly if we were to get hold of mover by doing a get components move again and then calling the
can move for the combat target dot transform dot position.
So we're just checking whether that position of the target that we're trying to attack is reachable
and if we're saying you can not move to that target well then again we're going to want to return false
here saying that actually we can't attack that target.
It's out of range.
The mover can't get us there.
So here's a little challenge for you to actually bring over and implement the can move to function so
that essentially is doing the same thing as our player controller was this lump of code here.
I'm going to comment it out.
That's the stuff that I want to bring over to essentially be our can move to suppose a video and have
a go at this if you haven't already.
Welcome back sir.
I'm just gonna cut that code out of there and I'm going to paste it into the can move to an uncommon
set and see what breaks.
That's always a good place to start isn't it.
So we've got our get path length and the max now path length.
So those two things are also going to have to come over.
So let's find out Max now path length.
It's a serialized field on player controller which I'm going to bring over to the mover like so and
then I'm going to I've got this get path length function which we also need to call.
So let's go and find that it's down here under the has now mesh get path length.
So I'm going to cut that out.
Don't think it's used anywhere else.
I think was just used just a way of splitting down that function into smaller ones.
Now I want to leave the public functions at the top of me.
I'm actually going to insert this a little bit further down just under the update animator and move.
I'm going to have the get path length and given a nav mesh path it's going to find its total length.
And so that now seems to be more along the lines of what we want.
The problem this the target's actually that needs to be updated to be the destination that we're passing
in.
So we're calculating the path from our current location to the destination that makes sense.
And finally we just need to make sure we're always returning something.
So if you haven't got a path it's false.
If we have got the path status is not path complete then it's false.
The path length is too large then it's false then basically what is complaining about is that we don't
have a return true at the end when all these conditions have not succeeded in making us failed to move
to this location.
So that should hopefully do the trick.
Let's go over into the A.C. If we have any remaining build errors from this.
Looks like we don't.
So fingers crossed.
Let's see if it has fixed a bug.
So I'm going to dive into the project start playing in loving new level that Rick has created.
And if we now hover over that enemy that's far in the distance we cannot click on him because we are
using the same distance checks both in The Fighter and in the movement interaction checks.
So fix the bug but another undesired behavior is that if I've arranged weapon and I attack an enemy
from a distance then they don't react at all.
I can just sit here and pick them off like flies without them ever having any aggro and coming towards
me.
That's what we're gonna fix in the next lecture.
I'll see you there.